In the last lecture we installed the ionic toolset and created our first application this application
which has free tabs where we can see different pages and well it's just the default app angler too or
I ironic to I should say creates for us out of the box.
Please note that I still have the bulk processor running in the terminal window here.
So whenever I change a file in this project folder it will automatically recompile and even reload the
page in the browser.
Now to change something I loaded this application in web store.
The ID I will use for this course.
Now web Strohm is a great idea but it's not free.
There are alternatives though you could use Microsoft which studio code which is also another idea but
this one is freely available.
Or a text editor like sublime or Adam.
Now in this project folder you see a lot of Suppe folders and files were created.
I will come back to what those folders do later in the course.
For now I want to focus on the core folder we work with the source folder.
This is where we create our Eyler to application and where we therefore work 99 percent of the time
in this folder.
You might not instantly recognize saying no to application but that should change if you open the app
folder.
Here is the app component app module and the main RTX file which bootstraps the module and in the end
does this the normal behavior you know with that root component being set up and so on.
Now the content that you see in those files like your app component and especially in the app Marchal
might differ from your default angler to AB and it will come back to you.
Especially this file here.
The module file and explain how this works and how the ionic to help get started.
In the end in the next course section which you will read shortly.
Now I want to focus on something different though I want to change the app now.
Somehow we don't really see the content we see here in the template of our app component.
So that is probably not the place to where it gets changed and indeed it is not the place that I want
it to work with so-called pages and pages are simply the web pages you see here.
So we get three pages which we can see when we click on the tabs.
Therefore the pages folder looks promising.
And indeed if we open that folder you'll see well for subfolder about contact and home which makes sense.
These are free pages we saw and then also a separate page for the tabs so you can kind of think of the
tabs and bottom haven't they having their own page which has then a huge empty space which gets populated
with well the fitting page for the tab.
We clicked on.
So a good place to change something therefore isn't the pages fullers.
And there you will see that a page and the end is just an angler to component with the component decorator
and therefore of course it also has a template.
So if you wanted to change something on one of the pages lets say about page we would go to the about
HVM file and then we could simply enter something you like.
This is the about page.
Now if we save this.
As I explained to you if you have the boot process still running it will automatically recompile and
reload your page and therefore if you now click on About you'll see dishonesty of our page.
Our first little change.
Pretty good but of course not all you can learn about ironic too.
So I'd say let's finish the Getting Started section and dive deeply into ionic to beginning with the
next course section